# Scrum 4-10-20

By Guthrie Kuckes


1. __What my team worked on:__
We developed and tuned a method to figure out which cases were overturned. We had to do this from scratch as the effort of previous weeks to review code from previous runs of this project could not ascertain the method those teams used to figure out cases which were overturned, though we speculate that they had a more simple way of doing this as they scraped from a different website (a website is not available anymore).

Note that our effort in this area was more complicated than that of the other team working on this project this semester because there is a stronger formatting convention in the documents of the New Hampshire and Rhode Island court system. 

We continued to do research about a more  sophisticated approach to categorizing the cases as overturned or not and have settled on word2vec.

2.  __What work does the team plan to do next week?__
- We will remove the dissent from the cases that contain them and make it a separate attribute in our dataframe. 
- We will try to implement word2vec in order to do better semantic analysis of the cases that involve informants and possibly also TDIDF
- We will continue tuning the keyword-based analysis of which cases were overturned in order to try to make it cover all the cases. 

3. __Is the team having any issues?__
We have not yet been able to categorize all the cases we are working on as either overturned or not. 

As well, we uncovered the issue within the new data that we scraped that many of the cases contain a "dissent" section which naturally contains the opposite opinion of the decision of the case as it is the position voiced by a majority of judges that disagree. 

