# Scrum 3-27-20

By Guthrie Kuckes
1. __What my team worked on:__
Work has been extremely slow this week and we did not make significant progress this week (more on this below). This is the first week we have not made significant progress. 

2.  __What work does the team plan to do next week?__
  - We plan to rerun our analysis of which cases contain informants on the new data
 - We will continue to work on figuring out which cases were overturned, beginning by examining the algorithm used by previous teams
 - We will continue to talk to the client about the issue of duplicates between the appellate division of the district courts and the statewide appellate courts. 
 
3. __Is the team having any issues?__
Our meetings for the past week (and next week) are canceled, and this is making communication with the client difficult--he has also not responded to our emails. 

Our biggest problem is the dislocation from COVID-19--our team members are having trouble working from home, though we forsee that people will have adjusteed soon. This is lowering productivity. 

The second biggest problem is the confluence of the midterm (due Sunday night) and the homework (due Wednesday) which is taking up what little productive team I and my team members have. Again, we forsee that these difficulties will soon be over.

As we were scraping new data to weeks ago, we realized that the data contained in the two separate JSONs left by previous teams, which we thought was homogenous, was not, but actually comes from two different parts of the court system. This complicates our analysis, and we will now have to do a sophisticated duplicate search--we are trying to talk with the client but we have still not resolved what algorithm we are going to use in order to deal with possible issues. 

